Edit create users and teams tutorial (#34)
grafana/tutorials: content/tutorials/create-users-and-teams.md

| almaz.russom      | Engineering |
| yuan.yang         | Engineering |

> You will create a team, then add users to it. You will then repeat the process with the second team and the remaining users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll create a team, then add users to it. You'll then repeat the process with the second team and the remaining users.
```

#### Create a team

1. In the sidebar, hover your mouse over the **Configuration** (gear) icon and then click **Teams**.
1. Click **New team**.

> 2. In **Name**, enter the name of the team: either _Marketing_ or _Engineering_. You do not need to enter an email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Name**, enter the name of the team: either _Marketing_ or _Engineering_. You do not need to enter an email.
```

> 3. Click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create**.
```

#### Add a user to a team

1. Click **Add member**.
1. In the **Add team member** box, select the user you want to add to the team. Refer to the table above for team assignments.
1. Click **Add to team**.

> When you are done, you will have two teams with two users assigned to each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're done, you'll have two teams with two users assigned to each.
```

Repeat the following steps for each folder.

#### Add a folder for each team

1. In the sidebar, hover your cursor over the **Dashboards** (four squares) icon and then click **Manage**.
1. To create a folder, click **New Folder**.

> 2. In **Name**, enter the folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Name**, enter the folder name.
```

> 3. Click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create**.
```

#### Remove Viewer role from folder permissions

By default, when you create a folder, all users with the Viewer role are granted permission to view the folder.

In this example, Graphona wants to explicitly grant teams access to folders. To support this, you need to remove the Viewer role from the list of permissions:

1. In the sidebar, hover your cursor over the **Dashboards** (four squares) icon and then click **Manage**.
1. Hover your cursor over the folder name, and click the cog icon to the right.
1. Go to the **Permissions** tab.
1. Remove the Viewer role from the list, by clicking the red button on the right.

#### Grant folder permissions to a team:

1. Go to the **Permissions** tab, and then click **Add Permission**.
1. In the **Add Permission For** dialog, make sure "Team" is selected in the first box.
1. In the second box, select the team to grant access to.
1. In the third box, select the access you want to grant.
1. Click **Save**.

> When you are finished, you will have two empty folders, the contents of which can only be viewed by members of the Marketing or Engineering teams. Only Marketing team members can edit the contents of the Analytics folder, only Engineering team members can edit the contents of the Application folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're finished, you'll have two empty folders, the contents of which can only be viewed by members of the Marketing or Engineering teams. Only Marketing team members can edit the contents of the Analytics folder, only Engineering team members can edit the contents of the Application folder.
```

### Exercise

Graphona has hired a consultant to assist the Marketing team. The consultant should only be able to access the SEO dashboard in the Analytics folder.

| Name       | Email                            | Username   |
|------------|----------------------------------|------------|
| Luc Masson | luc.masson@exampleconsulting.com | luc.masson |

#### Add a new user

> 1. On the sidebar, click the **Server Admin** (shield) icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the sidebar, click the **Server Admin** (shield) icon.
```

I assume this is a typo, otherwise we'd have to change all of these?

1. In **E-mail**, enter the email of the user.
1. In **Username**, enter the username that the user will use to log in.
1. In **Password**, enter a password. The user can change their password once they log in.
1. Click **Create user** to create the user account.

#### Create a dashboard

1. In the sidebar, click the **Create** (plus) icon to create a new dashboard.
1. In the top right corner, click the cog icon to go to **Dashboard settings**.
1. In **Name**, enter **SEO**.
1. In the **Folder** list, select **Analytics**.
1. Click the **Go back** arrow and then click the **Save dashboard** (disk) icon.
1. Click **Save**.

#### Grant a user permission to view dashboard

1. In the top right corner of your dashboard, click the cog icon to go to **Dashboard settings**.
1. Go to the **Permissions** tab, and click **Add Permission**.
1. In the **Add Permission For** dialog, select **User** in the first box.
1. In the second box, select the user to grant access to: Luc Masson.
1. In the third box, select **View**.
1. Click **Save**.
1. Click **Save dashboard**.
1. Add a note about giving Luc Masson Viewer permission for the dashboard and then click **Save**.

> You have created a new user and given them unique permissions to view contents of a folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've created a new user and given them unique permissions to view contents of a folder.
```
